Adding section for new feature - useQueryString (#4574)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/querystring.md

```

Each trigger parameter is optional. You can pass up to **one of each trigger parameter** as shown in the example above.

> ## How can I turn off the query string processing or add a condition to when it should be tracked?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I control query string processing?
```

> Using `useQueryString` option enable you to control the query parameters behaviour. For example, you can entirely disable query string processing by setting `useQueryString` to `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useQueryString` option allows you to control the behavior of the query parameters. For example, you can entirely disable query string processing by setting `useQueryString` to `false`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```
```

analytics.load('<WRITE_KEY>', {
  useQueryString: false
})
```

> You can also keep query string processing on, but enforce validation rules. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

You can also keep query string processing on, but enforce validation rules. For example:

```

> It is also possible to keep query string processing on, but enforce validation rules. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also keep query string processing on, but enforce validation rules. For example:
```

> ```

Reviewer: Adding the `js` to the code snippet formatting helps the syntax highlighter mark up the code appropriately!
```suggestion
```js
```

analytics.load('<WRITE_KEY>', {
  useQueryString: {
    // set a pattern for anonymous id 
    aid: /([A-Z]{10})/,
    // set a pattern for user id
    uid: /([A-Z]{6})/
  }
})
```

> info ""

> > Currently, the `useQueryString` option is **only** available when you load analytics.js through the [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@segment/analytics-next){:target="_blank"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, the `useQueryString` option is **only** available when you load analytics.js through the [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@segment/analytics-next){:target="_blank"}.
```
```suggestion
> The `useQueryString` option is **only** available when you load analytics.js through the [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@segment/analytics-next){:target="_blank"}.
```

```

Each trigger parameter is optional. You can pass up to **one of each trigger parameter** as shown in the example above.

## How can I control query string processing?

> The `useQueryString` option allows you to control the behavior of the query parameters. For example, you can entirely disable query string processing by setting `useQueryString` to `false`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `useQueryString` option allows you to control the behavior of the query parameters. For example, you can entirely disable query string processing by setting `useQueryString` to `false`:

```
